baby fat young fly stylist - shit I need
some baby back tomorrow
I love tomorrow I love baby fat I love
this style of how it's funky and sexy
and still really fashion forward you
know it's everything that a clubbing
like me she knows how to dress women and
she really accentuates the female form
so well I would imagine the people that
follow me had a passion for fashion
which is what I'm about on about fashion
and fashion standing a towering six feet
four inches in heels and with an
invincible attitude to match Kimora Lee
Simmons is the decisive diva behind the
must-have baby fat label I think it's
just sort of like my life I feel it's
just like you know over-the-top
unapologetic it's fabulous it's
fabulosity heading a book of the same
title and having a TV show focusing on
her over-the-top lifestyle
Kimora's radiance was even a parent as a
young model but less evident to the
future Queen of fabulosity
I was always a lot taller than most
people I was rather clumsy because you
are when you grow so many inches so
quickly and I was always different than
on people most people thought what are
you you look so funny you know and I
always went home I look so funny and
eventually people know you don't look
funny this works for you the first
people I ever saw was Chanel I started
when I was 14 and I was the youngest
bride I've ever be with Chanel and I was
the youngest petula model ever in Paris
in Europe really so it's exciting on the
catwalk is where Russell Simmons one of
the leading hip hop producers at the
time spotted the young Kimora the st.
Louis Missouri native would go on to
host one of his TV shows and eventually
become his wife
in 2009 they divorced amicably leaving
the savvy fashionista at the helm of fad
fashions with baby fat being the crown
jewel in her multimillion-dollar
lifestyle Empire reaching beyond the
urban market this midol
I had a cat Barbie kls Kimora Lee
Simmons she she's a little sexy I am a
fashion girl in my heart and from 12
years old so that's what I do like I was
telling people I don't I don't sing or
dance or do all those other things I may
one day but any other notoriety that I
could accomplish in life comes from my
passion for fashion and what I do in
design that's first and foremost in my
life and I think that's important to say
turning a notorious moment into a
fashion must-have Kimora scoffed at her
arrest for alleged contraband by
producing sexy mugshot t-shirts I'm a
wanted girl and everybody can put this
on it's a one-two girl or maybe it's we
want diamonds I changed so much I grow
up I've evolved I had small children my
consumer has grown with me and and a lot
of my fans have grown with neighbors
I think my work is excellent I'm wearing
baby fat
I think it's comfortable is sexy you can
get every look that you want and you
know the average the working woman can
go get it and and look nice and it's
affordable
I'm very excited and I'm very grateful
and I'm very thankful and I just take it
as it comes right right I just like
slowly climb my way to the top there's
no rush so that you can't get like kick
down and tumble down just I like to be
slow and steady it's hard not to
appreciate Kimora's business philosophy
the vivacious mother of three and wife
of actor diamond hoon soo keeps baby fat
on a winning streak
our Kelly has a song you know that says
did you ever think that she would be
this rich did you ever think that and it
goes on and on and on no I never thought
who'd have thought who'd a thunk it
you